16.10.2024 10:00 - Interactive Schedule Planer

# Protocol - 4.1th Milestone

Present: Alexander, Mostafa, Michael and Prof. Dr. Bockisch

## Presentation of progress
- Conflict analysis and highlighting has basically been solved.
- Hovering over an appointment shows conflict causes.

## The workflow
1. Export the modules from the next semester from Marvin into an xlsx-file.
2. Open the app and upload the modules.
3. Select the modules to be deactivated or deleted.
4. Close the selection dialog.
5. Upload the modules from previous semesters (JSON-files from the archive).
6. Select the modules to be deactivated or deleted.
7. Close the selection dialog.
8. Copy the selected modules into the next semester.
9. Edit the schedule and resolve conflicts.
10. Download the schedule.
11. Distribute the human readable schedule to lecturers (via email).
12. Incorporate feedback.
13. Download Before & After schedule.
14. Include changes into Marvin.
15. Download final schedule for the archive.

## Impementation - suggestions

### Conflict analysis
- Change tutorial conflict control to on and off.
- Add controlls for all kinds of conflicts.
- Instead of on & off, there could be "No conflict", "Regular Conflict" and "Specific Conflict"
- Customizing manual module conflicts is not necessary, but may be something for the future. A use case is for "Entscheidung, Finanzierung und Investition" and "Grundlagen der Statistik" of the studyplan B.Sc. Business Informatics. EFI is in the first semester and GdS is in the fifth. Therefore no conflict will be shown. But these modules should not overlap as some students may want to take GdS and EFI in the first semester.

### Human readable form
- PDF is ok.
- Generate PDF page per lecturer.
- Add fields LehrveranstaltungsID, rhythm and type
- Automatic generation of e-mail, that still can be edited before sending would be nice, but not necessary.
- Links may be nice but are not necessary.
    - Idea with backend: www.interactive-schedule-planer.uni-marburg.de?file="2024-10-14-T-10-15-23.json"&lecturer="Prof. Dr. Exampleprof" (But a backend is not desired.)
    - Idea without backend: www.interactive-schedule-planer.uni-marburg.de?lecturer="Prof. Dr. Exampleprof"&appointments="title,type,start,end,room,title,type,start,end,room" - max 2000 characters, as it is limited by gitlab.uni-marburg.de.

### Data import
- It should be possible to import some initial data, via JSON-File.
- Tutorials and lectures may have different LehrveranstaltungsIDs, but belong to the same module. There are two conventions:
    1. Using sequential numbers for tutorials
    2. Adding "Übung" in front of the tutorial title.
- Our program should detect tutorials, exams and lectures, that belong together automatically as far as possible.
- But during the importing process it shall be possible to bring tutorials, exams and lectures together.
- What belongs together may be stored in an extra file and could be committed in the repository. This data does not change very often.
- In the xlsx-File there were hidden columns and the data in the second sheet in the last columns is meant to be JSON-data. It can be copied and pasted into a separate file. Then it is JSON.

## Organizational matters
- We will not get new team members, but shall finish the project ourselves.

## Todo
- 5-min video
    - The projects shall be presented in about 1 1/2 weeks for the new students.
    - Make a 5-min screen video.
    - Show the app, what we achieved, not bugs etc.
    - Motivation: Why did we do this?
    - So that new students can get an idea, what to expect.
- The project shall be prepared to pass it on.
    - What has been implemented?
    - What still could be implemented?
- Preparation for acceptance meeting
    - Write end user documentation. But it does not need to mention, what is in the tooltips.
    - Write developer documentation. How to import, build and deploy the app, so that someone can take over.
    - Documentation in the code is only necessary where the code is unclear. Descriptive item names do not need to be described extra.


## Milestones
See presentation for 4.1th milestone

## Acceptance meeting
- When we are ready we may notify Prof. Bockisch. This may be in the middle of November.
- Acceptance meeting could be in the middle of December.
- Code walk through: Each one has to show what he implemented.
